docs(flutter-version): add section on Flutter version management (#115)
shorebirdtech/docs: docs/flutter-version.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
title: 🐦 Flutter Version
description: How to manage your Shorebird Flutter version
---

# Flutter Version Management

When Shorebird CLI is installed, it pulls down the latest stable version of Shorebird's Flutter.

> In this section, we'll take a look at how to list and change Flutter versions used by Shorebird CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we'll take a look at how to list and change the Flutter version used by Shorebird CLI.
```
